contribution from Zongpeng regarding Policy delivery (#100)
ietf-wg-cats/draft-ietf-cats-framework: draft-ietf-cats-framework.md

This document does not define any mechanism for defining or enforcing service contact instance affinity.

> ## Policy Delivery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Policy Provisioning
```

> As shown in Figure 1, the control plane and management plane need to communicate some policies to the data plane. The control plane and management plane can be implemented in a control center entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in {{fig-cats-fw}}, the control and management planes need to communicate some policies to the data plane.
```

Reviewer: No need to repeat that this can be distributed/centralized as this was already stated in the doc.

> If the C-PS is logically centralized, it needs to communicate some policies to the CATS-Forwarders. In this case, the network entity containing the C-PS, such as a control center, should be able to perform management and/or control functions, including computing information awareness function, service scheduling function, etc. It collects computing and network information, and schedules service based on computing and network information. The CATS-Forwarders performs data plane functions or routing functions.

Reviewer: Not sure what is this text is trying to say.

Reviewer 2: Some explanations: If the C-PS is logically centralized, the C-PS can be in a controller. After the CATS decision is made,  it can communicate some policy to the CATS-Forwarders.

  If the C-PS is collocated with an Ingress CATS-Forwarder, the Ingress CATS-Forwarder would implement the C-PS functions locally.

> If the C-PS is collocated with an Ingress CATS-Forwarder, the functions that the Ingress CATS-Forwarder supports would include computing information awareness function, service scheduling function and data forwarding function. In this case, Ingress CATS-Forwarders make forwarding decisions for a given service request that has been received from a client according to the capabilities and status information of both service instances and network.

Reviewer: This text seems to redefine the function of an CATS-Forwarder.

Reviewer 2: We do not want to redefined the function of the Ingress CATS-Forwarder. We want to state that the Ingress CATS-Forwarder can include the function of the C-PS, which makes a different situation for policy provision.

> In either case, management plane policies need to be delivered to the CATS-Forwarders. For example, a general scheduling policy can be sent to the Ingress CATS-Forwarder, which would include policy execution node information, topology information and configuration information for real-time state collection of resources. If the C-PS is collocated with an Ingress CATS-Forwarder, the policy execution node would be the Ingress CATS-Forwarder. The topology information could be the nodes that need to be communicated to obtain the computing information. According to the topology information and configuration information in the received general scheduling policy, the Ingress CATS-Forwarder obtains the real-time status information of the computing resource, the service resource or the network resource. Based on these resource state information and the scheduling policy information in the general scheduling policy, the ingress CATS-Forwarder can obtain the target scheduling policy for the service requirement and schedule the corresponding service's traffic.

Reviewer: There are many items that need to be defined, e.g., "policy execution node information", "topology information and configuration information for real-time state collection of resources", "target scheduling policy", etc. These smell solution-specific.
